Add docker-compose project to run all apps (#41)
davidfowl/TodoApi: README.md

      dotnet tool install --global Microsoft.Tye --version 0.11.0-alpha.22111.1
      ```

      Run `tye run` in the repository root and navigate to the tye dashboard (usually http://localhost:8000) to see both applications running.

   - **Docker Compose** - Open your terminal, navigate to the root folder of this project and run the following commands:
   1. Build a docker image for the `TodoApi` directly from dotnet publish.
      ```
      dotnet publish ./TodoApi/TodoApi.csproj --os linux --arch x64 /t:PublishContainer -c Release
      ```

   1. Build a docker image for the `Todo.Web.Server` directly from dotnet publish.
      ```

>       dotnet publish ./Todo.Web/Server/Todo.Web.Server.csproj --os linux --arch x64 /t:PublishContainer -c Release --self-contained true

Author: The flag `--self-contained true` is needed here due to this open issue [Publishing hosted Blazor WASM project breaks if not self-contained](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/75847).

#### Spans

> 1. Configure Env var `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` with the right endpoint URL to enable `.AddOtlpExporter` below `builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetryTracing`, in the `TodoApi/OpenTelemetryExtensions.cs` file

Reviewer: `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` looks like no so friendly env var for a .NET application using the config system. Is there any reason to use this specific env var or could it look like:  `OTLP__ENDPOINT`?

Author: > `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` looks like no so friendly env var for a .NET application using the config system. Is there any reason to use this specific env var or could it look like: `OTLP__ENDPOINT`?

I decided to use the same variable that `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol` uses to configure the endpoint internally in the library. I can change/add one specific for the todoapi if you want to.

Author: Here's OpenTelemetry Protocol Exporter [doc](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/exporter.md#:~:text=4318%20%5B1%5D-,Env%20vars%3A%20OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT,-OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_TRACES_ENDPOINT%20OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_ENDPOINT%20OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_ENDPOINT).

Reviewer: Thanks!

> 1. Configure Env var `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` with the right endpoint URL to enable `.AddOtlpExporter` below `builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetryTracing`, in the `TodoApi/OpenTelemetryExtensions.cs` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure environment variable `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` with the right endpoint URL to enable `.AddOtlpExporter` below `builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetryTracing`, in the `TodoApi/OpenTelemetryExtensions.cs` file
```

#### Logs

> 1. Configure Env var `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` with the right endpoint URL to enable `.AddOtlpExporter` below `builder.Logging.AddOpenTelemetry`, in the `TodoApi/Extensions/OpenTelemetryExtensions.cs` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure environment variable `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` with the right endpoint URL to enable `.AddOtlpExporter` below `builder.Logging.AddOpenTelemetry`, in the `TodoApi/Extensions/OpenTelemetryExtensions.cs` file
```

Author: Done.
